Have no respect whatsoever for authority, forget who said it 
instead look what he starts with, where he ends up, and ask yourself, "Is it reasonable?"
Rainbow 6 Siege is distracting bc you won't respawn until the next round.	
Thanks, you old Tom cat. 
There are no former Marines.	
I am not very good with how or why or what do you think questions. 	
Audience reaction review is that the Hulk slap Thor is funny.
Listen to music or play a sport, that usually helps. 
Why the best homies keep leaving.
Teach your kids to change gears. Not genders. 
If you're a woman then I'm the tooth fairy.
piano teachers are definitely undercover hand surgeons.
No to wolf haters. No to wolfphobia. 
The doctors said they've never seen a body kill the Coronavirus like my body. 
They tested my DNA and it wasn't DNA. It was USA. 
Humans are deuterostomes, which means that when they develop in the womb the anus forms before any other opening. 
Which basically means at one point you were nothing but an asshole. 
Some people never develop beyond this, stage.
The photo shows a fast race between dogs and a cheetah, the goal was to see who was fastest. 
Everyone was surprised that the cheetah did not budge from its place.
We asked the race coordinator what happened. 
After seeing this picture, he replied.
Sometimes trying to prove that you are the best is an insult. 
We do not need to go down to the level of others, to show our strength. 
Think carefully and save your energy for what you deserve. 
The cheetah uses its speed only to hunt, not to prove to the dogs that it is the fastest and strongest. 
Thank you, now I'm passing the blessing to the next person. 
We don't know each other but I wish you the best in life.
Sorry to disturb your scrolling, we don't know each other but I wish you all the best in life and may all things work out in your favor. 
There is always pain attached to whatever we do. 
Most of the things that makes you happy causes pain to others in a way or the other. 
Just embrace the pain and move on.
Maybe you used him as instrument to punish yourself.
Don't teach everyone coding, leave it to professionals. 
They may know more because they hop jobs alot.
Thinking outside the box has a ring to it don't you think.
Not better person from debating evolution with zealots.
Stay calm but resolute instead of gratitude.
What hard problem would that be if any. 
Not that that would stop them at least.
You have to learn how to read intention.
Would you rather dance naked around the maypole to celebrate the return of spring and the fertility of crops.
Infinity is like a black hole, once you add infinity you can't get out anymore.
By radiating its love teaches you how it feels and to love yourself.
Be happy you haven't experienced jealousy yet.
Maybe the self manifest the ego for company. 
Rationality comes into play when intuition fails like in long-term business decisions.
It's all fine feeling at peace on your own, but that doesn't mean you're no longer sensitive to certain triggers.
Feel free to tell everyone here what you've learned that's too important to keep to yourself.
In anticipation of your (timely) response, I remain, yours faithfully. 
Ask someone to stand in your way and run through them. 
My sand castles is bigger than yours.
For once I'll make an exception and keep my opinion to myself.